♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first,
slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter
the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Episode 15: Lingyin Tianyuan's playacting turns real. Jiang Muchun appears to tell the truth. ]
I hadn’t had the time yet to tell Qingchen about the situation between Sir Tang and me.
I hid it from him for so long, he must be really angry.
What should I do, Tan Baba?
Adviser, don't worry too much.
This shameful husband must ultimately see his wife's younger brother, right?
Qingchen still hasn't come out.
The door to Sir's room is locked tightly. Nothing could have happened, right?
Is there nothing that Sir Tang wants to say?
What is it that you want to ask?
There are many questions. Please answer them truthfully.
I won't keep anything from you.
Sir Tang, my older sister came to the government office only in order to gather source material.
She never thought of standing out among everyone as an official.
In these three months, she has entered prison and suffered injuries.
And now, she has even been slandered as a murderer.
Sir, ask yourself, do you have the ability to protect her?
Qingchen, I am genuine and sincere in my feelings for your sister.
Allowing her to be trapped in the middle of a quarrel of course isn't my real intention.
I understand you.
I can guarantee that from now on, I won't allow her to feel the least bit wronged.
What will you use to guarantee this?
With all due to respect, you pretended to be a corrupt officer and tricked Sun Yuanwai and the others.
You used Sun Bufan to create a big issue,
and caused an internal conflict between the upper class in Tongling.
All of these were just so that you can investigate the gold mine case.
Sir, you are a complicated man.
If only she were as intelligent as you.
Although I do not have any blood relation with my sister,
but after my mother died so the two of us have relied on one another to survive.
So, Sir, you should understand how much I value my sister.
I comprehend what you mean and understand you.
But I also value your sister very much.
Sir, there is no need for you to force someone to do something.
There are numerous women in the world. My sister really isn't a good match for you.
Moreover, my sister must marry a person of a similar class as Tang Tianyuan.
In all likelihood, you have also heard about him to some extent.
Tang Tianyuan is the prototype for all of the characters in my sister's books.
From this, my sister's infatuation with him can clearly be seen.
I am Tang Tianyuan.
I was ordered to handle the case here by the imperial decree.
I not deliberately hiding the truth but I don't want to endanger her.
But how long can you hide this from her?
My sister worships you, but you are playing with her like this.
So this time, I plan to spare no effort in asking for her forgiveness.
So I can be worthy of her sincere feelings for me.
I will inform her about all of this.
Please don't.
Sir Tang, for the time being, please do not inform my sister.
Why?
A lot of people are involved in the gold case.  Sister is already in danger for what little she knows.
If she knew the truth now,
I'm scared it would cause her more danger.
Not to even mention, my sister is a straightforward person, she doesn't like being lied to.
Let's discuss this matter later on.
[Meet me at my place.]
[Shenghong Pavilion]
You're awake.
You caught a cold.
Here, drink this medicine.
I don't need you to watch over me.
You can be unwilling to see me,
but you must take your medicine punctually.
The medicine in this box is enough for you to use for a year.
The prescription is also inside.
There is another matter which I must tell you about.
You had never been poisoned
and had never been subjected to my shackles because of poisoning.
It's only that from when you were small, your body has been weak.
You had to take medicine every day.
For not telling you the truth, I am sorry.
What is it that you want me to do for you this time?
This medicine has no color and no flavor.
As long as it is sprinkled on the furniture of the bedroom,
the person who gets poisoned will have their entire body fester and die in three days.
This is indeed something that even the gods will not be aware of and ghosts will not be conscious of.
You are... ready to let me go?
After this business is taken care of, no one will know of your past,
and no one will investigate your past.
You and I will break all ties
and can be considered even.
It really looks good.
Sister, do you really like Sir Tang?
But didn't you say before
that you must marry a person that is as upright as Tang Tianyuan?
If Tang Tianyuan appeared in front of you right now,
would you still choose Tang Feilong, Sir Tang?
Look. The moon tonight is very round.
Sis!
I have heard a lot about Tang Tianyuan.
He's...
an honorable and righteous man.
LIke other girls, I chased after him.
Who wouldn't like someone like that?
Also, he's done a great favor for me.
But being grateful is one thing. Love and gratefulness are different, right?
Yes.
Therefore, I thought about it.
He is still my aspiration.
LIke him, I want to be someone who is righteous that brings justice.
He's like the moon.
Faraway and shining brightly,
No matter where I go, when I look up,
he'll always be there. Always...
untouchable.
What about Tang Feilong?
He is like a fire in the winter cold.
You can't hold yourself back. You just want to be a little closer,
and even closer.
♫ Maybe I shouldn't have ♫
♫ I didn't foresee this surprise ♫
♫ I thought there was still love between us ♫
Mother left us early.
Although we lived care-free,
it felt like we didn't have our own home.
So, I really want to stay by his side.
But, Sister, I'm worried about you.
You are my only relative.
if Sir Tang can't keep you safe,
I hope you can return to the life you had before you met him.
At least it's stable, we don't have to worry about you.
It's too late now. I've fallen too deep.
I must stay with him. Our hearts have become one, and must go wherever he goes.
What if one day you discovered that Sir Tang was different than what you expected?
Would you leave him?
Of course not!
Whatever he's thinking, I know him well.
If he bullies me,
I'll... I'll disappear from his sight.
- Sister Lingyin, come light the fireworks! Come quickly.
- Okay
Come on. Don't worry.
Sir Tang, please don't tell older sister yet.
There's too much involved in the gold case.
She only knows a little bit and is already in danger.
If she knows the truth, I'm afraid it'll further endanger her.
Besides, Sister Lingyin is a straightforward person.
She can't accept being lied to.
Let's put it aside for now.
Sir,
what are you thinking about?
Nothing.
Thinking of Adviser Tan, right?
When my wife and I first got together, I thought about her every day, too.
I said it was nothing.
Why are you being shy with me?
It's not like I've never liked someone before.
Sir, take a look.
This is the portrait of the refugee that Adviser Tan drew.
She said the refugee she met that day, is this man.
But I really don't know how I should describe the essence of this portrait to our men.
They all said this portrait looks a lot like me when I was younger.
Indeed, it does.
What?
Let's wait till tomorrow when she comes to the county office and have her draw another one.
Yes, Sir. I'll excuse myself.
- Oh, right.
- Sir, anything else you need?
I have a question for you.
I have a friend.
- Friend?
- Right, friend of mine.
Because of some personal reasons, he had lied to his wife.
Lied to her?
I want to ask, in this case,
will your wife forgive you?
It depends on how serious it is.
Is it keeping a mistress?
Or having a stash of money?
Something more serious.
More serious?
Yes.
As for my wife, it depends on her mental
and physical involvement.
Mentally,
it's a white lie.
A white lie.
As for physical,
no one is hurt yet.
No one's hurt. My wife...
would never let me off no matter what.
So, all I can do is
avoid getting her angry so I can live a long life.
All right,
you may leave.
I'm going to head out later.
Head out?
Adviser Tan is not at the bookstore.
Who told you I'm going to meet Adviser Tan?
Not meet with Adviser Tan?
She's not playing "The Little Fairy" tonight, is she?
I can do it!
It's pretty good!
My Lady is beautiful.
Where did she learn this from?
Something you don't know, eh? Recently,
she's been to Miaosheng House often to learn dancing from Miss Ruyi.
A few days back, Miss Ruyi requested a few days off.
Lingyin came to give it a try.
Don't you have other dancers?
Her dream as a child was to learn to dance.
You don't know about this?
Since Miaosheng House will close down soon,
I don't think it's necessary for you to linger here in Tongling.
In my opinion, you should go back to Jingnan
and continue to be a rich playboy.
Tang Feilong,
do you think I'll admit defeat?
I know she likes you now.
But her liking you has no conflict with me liking her?
As long as she hasn't married you, I still have a chance.
Who knows? Maybe on a lucky day something bad may happen to you.
Great!
So pretty!
Be careful
Wow! This is so wonderful!
They are a perfect couple!
Sir Tang!
Who would have thought?
♫  The swaying branches of the weeping willow,
a home with a bridge over a flowing creek  ♫
What's so nice about this?
Stop talking!
♫  I hear a pipa’s tune transmitted from afar ♫
What's good about any of this!
Why did you come?
Had enough fun?
Let's go home.
♫  Your smile is brighter than the moon
and puts flowers to shame  ♫
I saw how great Miss Zhou's dance was...
I wanted to give you a surprise
You looked great dancing but in the future, can you stop dancing?
Jealous?
Are you afraid of everyone in Tongling falling in love with me?
Then it's not just Zhu Dacong chasing me anymore.
I don't care how many Zhu Dacong's there are.
I just think it's too dangerous.
You're jealous and you won't admit it.
What's so hard about admitting it?
♫ I’m destined to protect you in this lifetime  ♫
Is it pretty?
This red doesn't suit you.
This one's pretty cute.
Put it on for me.
♫  Filling the world with my concerns, I look for her everywhere  ♫
♫  A life that was supposed to be lived freely is now wasted   ♫
♫  Walking slowing underneath a paper umbrella, you look like
a piece of art in this misty rain  ♫
Pretty?
Pretty.
- Spend your money!
- This one costs 3 taels.
Thank you.
Let's go!
[Be of good virtue and diligent]
I can't anymore!
Then rest for a bit. Then go for another few minutes.
No more, I'm so tired.
Compared to useless hobbies like dancing,
learning martial arts is more practical. It's self-defense.
But aren't you here?
Lingyin,
I'm not your shadow. I can't follow you around all day.
We haven't found the refugee that attacked you.
If you encounter him again, what are you going to do?
That's impossible. Why would I be so unlucky?
Where's Zheng Shaofeng? Let him teach you.
I haven't seen him in days.
He's probably on a date with his beauty on Mount Tianmu.
Look at Constable Zheng!
Even a rough guy like him understands romance.
He embroiders lotus flowers and goes chicken hunting at Mount Tianmu.
What about you? Keeping me here to do squats daily.
You want to hunt for chickens, too?
How about we hunt something else today?
Really?
Really.
Sir, wear this for me.
Just wear it.
No, it's too dumb.
Then I'm leaving.
I didn't bring any fireworks.
If you don't want to be taken by wolves, don't run around.
Constable Zheng is so nice to Miss Ruyi.
If he holds her in his palms, he's afraid she'll fall. If he keeps her in his mouth, he's afraid she'll melt.
And you? You treat me like your servant.
I'm afraid you're too heavy to be held in my palms.
How about you get on the horse?
Deer! Look, Sir, there's a deer here.
Give me the bow.
Nevermind, we don't need to eat it.
There's no need to slaughter a living creature.
- It's fine to just look.
- Constable Zheng
brought back a chicken.
If I come back empty-handed, he'll look down on me.
Immature. Why compare stuff like this?
Shouldn't you guys compare the good traits of your lovers?
He says there's a cliff cave near here. Let's take a look.
What? Why don't you say something?
Say something.
Is it because I have too many good traits? You can't mention all of them?
Anything. Just say one.
Stop talking. I'm thinking.
So this is the cave.
There's dry wood and a fire...
(T/N: also an idiom that expresses passionate feelings between a couple)
Constable Zheng and Miss Ruyi were probably here on a date.
He sure knows how to choose a place.
What are you looking at?
This is dry grass that was placed down for sleeping.
And those marks on the wall
were probably used to count days.
If I guessed correctly,
this place is the hideaway for refugees.
Refugees? Haven't they all died?
Then was the one you met on the street a ghost?
That's right.
He must've stayed here after successfully escaping from Sang Jie.
If we find him, do we also find the evidence?
This task... I'm relying on you.
[Miaosheng House]
Boss,
we've been operating at a deficit for weeks.
We didn't earn much these last few days either.
How long are you going to hold out for until we close down?
Until my fiancee changes her mind
and agrees to go back to Jinan with me.
I'll close this place then.
It looks like our business has a chance of becoming a century-old brand.
Don't jinx me!
Let me tell you.
I have a
strong premonition.
My fiancee and Tang Feilong
are about to separate.
[Morality]
[Tongling County Office]
[Jiang Muchun, special appearance]
I remember him
having messy hair.
His eyebrows were thick. His eyes were big.
His nose was thin.
His mouth was a little pouty.
If you just look at his features, he looks like a regular young scholar.
But with his layered and tattered clothes
along with his fierce expression,
he...
has the temperament of a brave army general.
A collapsed nose bridge means he's lethargic.
Once he's middle-aged, he'll have kidney problems.
Thin lips suggest he's cold-hearted.
Someone who's easily offended and quick to start arguments.
Tell me. What kind of guy
is affectionate and has the ability to hold onto vast wealth?
Let me know... I'll give it some thought.
In the future when I look for a husband, I'll try to find someone with that kind of appearance.
Are you mad?
Why would I be mad?
Why would I get mad over a refugee bandit?
Then, why did you draw him like that? It's so ugly, like a pig head.
It's true that he's ugly.
According to you, thick eyebrows and big eyes,
a flat nose and thin lips. Doesn't he look like this?
Look at what you drew! Give it. I'll draw him myself.
Just admit it if you're jealous. Men are just so—
Sir!
Sir, there's a lady outside
saying her fiance ran away from his marriage. She's asking you to give her justice.
Escaping from marriage?
Isn't she the female version of Zhu Dacong?
A man who can do such a thing is extremely irresponsible.
You can't trust him with your life.
I think we should convince her to give up.
I think you should let me handle this. I'll take her to see Zhu Dacong.
They can exchange their feelings.
Who knows? They might get together and I would have promoted a marriage.
Adviser, she's right outside.
Okay, I'm going to go.
Let's go.
Heavenly Fairy. Heavenly Fairy!
Only my wife can be the Heavenly Fairy.
Pretty, she's very pretty. She's definitely not below Adviser Tan.
Don't you want to go look?
Pretty, very pretty, right? No, thanks.
One look, you can tell she's the daughter of a wealthy family.
Adviser Tan is short-tempered.
Who is like a pearl and who is like a fish's eye can be clearly seen from a single glance.
Only you can see it.
These days... you've surely learned a lot of words.
[Hall of Justice and Integrity]
Adviser.
It's you that struck the drum to voice a grievance?
Yes, as you stated.
Miss, may I ask what your name is?
My name is Jiang Muchun.
Is your husband blind?
You are so beautiful and he still wants to run away from your marriage.
- It's a long story.
- Relax and tell me.
As long as he is in Tongling County, I will surely catch him.
What is his name?
He is the grand secretary of the emperor, Tang Tianyuan.
Tang... Tang Tianyuan?
Tang Tianyuan has a fiancee?
Isn't Tang Tianyuan at the capital? Why did you come to Tongling?
He's here in Tongling.
Just inside this county office.
Is it the wrong person?
- We only have an eighth class magistrate, Tang Feilong. There's no Tang Tianyuan.
- No.
Don't you know? Tang Feilong is Tang Tianyuan's alias.
They're the same person.
Xi Hulu, is My Lord there?
This... Isn't it the story from my book?
♫ Our shadows are cast as we walk into the double corridor ♫
♫ You held the mirror and lightly touch up your rouge ♫
Miss Jiang, please.
♫ We'll not forget each other ♫
♫ And you're like the starry dream ♫
Tang Feilong is Tang Tianyuan?
He has a fiancee?
I don't know.
Adviser!
Sir Tang is coming.
- Where's Adviser Tan?
- She left without saying anything.
Sir Tang, long time no see.
How come you came?
Auntie said she misses you.
(T/N: Auntie is referring to Tianyuan's mom.)
She wanted me to come and visit and see how you're doing.
Where are you staying?
You arrange this.
Thank you, Sir.
[Be of good virtue and diligent]
Miss Jiang.
♫  There's no wind, there's no love. There's no sense of loss ♫
♫ There's no you, there's no pain. Can't hear
the uneasiness in my heart ♫
Tan Lingyin!
♫ There's no lamp, there's no sound. Don't feel out of place ♫
♫ There's no one reciting old monologues in my mind ♫
Sir, please head home.
My sister doesn't want to see you.
Sir, don't make it hard for me.
My sister doesn't know how to face you right now. It's better to not to see each other right now.
I'll explain what happened to her.
She'll understand.
I really didn't mean to deceive her.
I understand. But right now,
if you really want her to forgive you, give her some time.
♫ I lowered my expectations of happiness ♫
♫ Do I still love? Is love still there? ♫
♫ The answers keep changing, illusions from the tears kept me ♫
♫ from letting go. I wrestled with these tangled thoughts ♫
♫ Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
♫ The verdict never comes ♫
Assistant Zhou, you're finally back!
Constable Zheng has been looking for your sister...
and you. He looked for a long time, and just couldn't find you guys.
He always says you guys disappear together.
Convinced that both of you were kidnapped, he wanted to call the authorities. Thank goodness we stopped him.
Go talk some sense into him.
Zheng Shaofeng!
Get up.
- What?
- Is it necessary to go as far as to death for a woman?
I-I'm thirsty. I'm drinking some water.
What are you doing?
Drink... If you want to drink, there's a bucket.
Where's your sister?
Your sister! Where did she go?
She's been gone for two days and one night.
She went back to the old home.
That's impossible.
Miss Ruyi is still bound by contract to Miaosheng House. How can she just leave?
Tell me. Where exactly did she go?
Someone is sick at the old home. She'll come back in a few days.
- Then I'll go find her.
- Don't!
You can't go! She hates when people take matters into their own hands.
If you go, wouldn't everyone know that she's a dancer in Tongling?
That's true.
But do you think...
she'll come back?
Today's the start of Cold Dew.
(T/N: a phase in Chinese solar calendar)
It will start becoming cold tonight.
Miss Ruyi usually doesn't wear much.
I don't know if she'll get sick.
She also doesn't sleep well.
But it's good. The weather has been cool these few days.
She can sleep soundly.
♫ I'm afraid that without your presence ♫
Constable Zheng, we're deep in this gold case.
Sir Tang has already involved himself. You know that you can still get yourself out of this.
Why are you still getting yourself into this?
♫ The future is long, please take care of me ♫
My brothers are here.
The things I want to do are here.
And the people I treasure the most are all here.
This is my home. I can't leave.
What will you do if the person in your heart doesn't come back?
♫ This indecisive feeling ♫
Then I'll wait for her.
One month.
One year.
Or ten years.
Perhaps by then,
Miss Ruyi will have already forgotten me.
But how long is time?
I think I'll have to wait until I'm buried
to know.
Don't wait.
Miss Ruyi....
Miss Ruyi—
Zheng Shaofeng, what's wrong?
Zheng Shaofeng!
♫ you never gave up hanging on to me ♫
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world,
hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets,
I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, ♫
♫ a good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier
after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows,
too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, ♫
♫ a good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫